this is the Muslim area of urui the
soldiers with the rifles and the Bonet
on the end just 25 M away from
traditional girls dancing on Tik Tok the
O was
his some local weer food here in the
neighborhood inside the apartments of
uhi
here are you giving that girl
number oh there's the horse meet
arriving
here good afternoon from Uchi China the
capital of the sang province in the
northwest of the country bordering
Kazakhstan and kasakhstan and other
countries like Mongolia there's such an
influence from all over the Central
Asian world now here is home to the
weers there's a huge weager population
in the sang area and specifically in
this city of uruchi population here is
around 4 million people it's a very
well-developed City and full of
traditional weer Heritage but we're
going to explore deeply into this city
and get to know some of the people
living here the foods that they're
eating things that they're selling and
things that they do in their daily life
so join us as we explore deeply into
uruchi China one thing that I have
noticed here in urui which is different
to Beijing or chongu or Chongqing is the
lack of bikes there's no public bikes as
we uh the Y Pay bike go yeah the yellow
bikes and the green bikes you know the
ones that we enjoyed in in Beijing
there's no bikes for anyone to cycle
around on so looks like a very uh like a
walking City by the looks of it I'm not
sure how easy it is to get around how
big the city really is look at this
convenience store very uh Kawaii type
isn't it very um Japanese esque look at
that it's a bright pink convenience
store here in the heart of urui you see
some of the skyline here we've got these
dorms we' got some all Red Roof
buildings you know different shapes and
not really conforming to to Modern and
typical glass facade buildings yeah it's
very very different here very uh very
Central Asian over there you can see
here is Hong Shan or Red Mountain you
can just see along the top there there's
a 25 M pagod and that is absolutely
centuries old really really old they say
that it's called Red Mountain because
the rocks and all that are supposed to
be red but it looks looks pretty brown
I'm not sure if over time it's kind of
decolored or whatever
but uh yeah this is uh this is a scene
here in downtown urui you still got
these guys headling about on the
electric scooters the yis the the uberit
of China but um yeah it's got whole keep
of Office Buildings and uh technology
shops we got the haawi shop there and
yeah various different things look these
are hailing down a cab in the old school
way not using DD or all them things you
would use in the in East uh East China
yeah look at that just the old school
car paling haven't seen that in a
while looks like we're entering some
sort of
uh I don't know little shopping
area people just selling various
different household goods on the floor
hair brushes and Combs and stuff for
your sink well Ender in a Subway here
you here some of the weer language being
spoke yeah look at this just like a
market under theath the
subway that's interesting yeah got hats
and
jewelry wow get your socks so you just
crossing under the road you know you can
uh just come get yourself new pair of
socks back into the nice glorious sunny
weather muchi but enough of these Grandy
alsoo off buildings and malls let's go
and see some of the real urui culture
and go and meet the wiers in their grand
bazaars see the Moses and explore what
there really is to see here in this very
interesting City in Northwest
China to the mosque please
sir all
right and here we are in the south of
the city this is where the most amount
of Muslims live this is the Muslim area
of
urui just see already over there the uh
the dorm of the
mosque Hi how are you how are you you
are from from urui yes yes ah nice nice
and you we're from England England yeah
how do I say that I'm from England and
Wega how do I how do I say England how
do I say how do I say how do I say how
to say how to say I am
English what's that speak Chinese
yeah
okay also
English what what what are you guys
doing what do you spend your time doing
here what what what do you do today what
do you do today yeah uh meeting a friend
meeting a friend ah nice okay well I
hope you have a nice day yes have a good
day okay byee
goodbye it's a nice friendly weer
population nice girl so
shy what can I say glad from Newcastle
starts cutting about urui well there's
some nice friendly weager people the
first we've met so that was a nice first
impression let's try and get crossed
over this road and we can go and see
that great mosque over there in more
detail well quickly cross over the road
here don't want to be caught j walking
around here with uh these big uh armed
police about like but uh that gives you
a little Countdown look 3 2 1 that's it
I've committed a crime I'm done for
Lads stop jwalk and get off the road
now look over here there's some uh
public toets over there which are very
very common around China it's very
convenient um you know there's always a
public toilet somewhere which is uh
which is quite nice you don't have to
sort of worry about sneaking into a shop
or having to buy a buy a drink or
something like that in a in a cafe just
to go to the to the toilet yeah it's uh
that's pretty that's one good thing I
really do like about
China you're
M
actually a nice friendly police offic
are here with go look we can see in here
look so this mosque absolutely uh lovely
design you know it's not um too uh
traditional we should say it's got a few
alterations being made to it it's in
green uh green color but you can see at
the very top there the big uh the big
cerlic uh weer transcript written across
there you've got the beautiful um DS
along the top but uh yeah and also looks
like there's some sort of shop there's
like a shop there um yeah pretty
interesting it looks very closed though
I wonder I wonder if it tells you when
it's uh when it's open or anything yeah
I guess well ideally I wanted to to see
a bit more I wanted to see inside you
know some some of these mosques that
we've been in before they're absolutely
wonderful inside really just amazing
architecture all sorts of mosaics and
paintings and things like that but uh so
I was hoping to build to to get inside
there nice uh residential neighborhood
down here that's interesting isn't it
let's see can get maybe some more
traditional
Apartments wow they come out of nowhere
these uh electric bikes don't they
silent as well they like just like sneak
up in this one's all right just as
silent this oh look it's a bit electric
and uh and something else as well oh
look at this right thead oh this is the
r how do you get in Cy I just wanted to
see what uh what it's like to Olivia and
get a bit closer get a bit closer to the
m yeah there is some sort of convenience
store here I tell you what we'll let
these fellas go first I can they can
show
me oh look it knows who she is on the
camera and all
that oh I think it says I'm not allowed
I don't
know oh the door's closing on us I guess
cuz we're not I don't know maybe
the hello
Hi how are
you
English oh going this way oh he's
letting us in he's welcoming us to his
uh to his community here
oh oh there we go very nice oh let's get
into a nice local neighborhood here
nice to meet you nice to meet
you
um well he's let us in to his community
we've got a locals um
referral into the Gated Community here
but uh quiet yeah quiet birds are
tweeting in the trees but now we're like
right beside the mosque we're even
closer than we we could be from out on
the street so that's interesting isn't
it
just quiet life isn't it small like
everywhere's closed yeah it's all wonder
why that is it's all closed guys it's
400 p.m. I'm not sure about that oh look
at this wow that looks good doesn't
it
wow looks like a NAA theim
is oh this looks uh very very nice look
there's a few nice little bread bits and
all that some sort of
seed is it a nan nan yeah it looks a bit
like Nan let's see if we can get
ourselves some uh a piece of Nan and try
some uh some local Wier food here in the
neighborhood should we get a sesame one
yeah one of
them um
Yaki don't know how to get his
attention he came out and then he sort
of went straight back in he's looks like
he's also selling cakes this man is a a
baker a local weer Baker here
neighborhood
Bakery but uh yeah hopefully he's got a
spare minute I can see he's needing some
door back
there these smell
amazing um man
Al there we go that work it
just one and
um
who is three wow only three you oh
that's
amazing wow look at this she's even
thrown us in a couple of um looks like
door balls I'm sure but uh I'm not sure
exactly what they are it's like a weer d
ball with just paying 3an guys which is
only 30
okay what nice uh look I know that can
married couple who own a bakery in the
neighborhood that's lovely that it
lovely my dream I tell you what I'm a
bit packish as well oh it's in here is
this a little shop cuzz uh with some
bread you want to get uh you want to get
yourself a drink as well don't you y
y y um oh the can I have a drink
um
uh
uh do you want something oh yeah right
there we
go scan on the QR code as you do
everywhere
here what nice nice to meet you friendly
Smiley people love
this okay I'm trying I think they feel
pity for me my terrible weer language
okay look they've got like it's like
homemade noodles or something yeah yeah
that you boil yourself or baked it's
like the door ready to make your own
sort of pasta or noodles or something
I'm glad we came in here we a nice
neighborhood oh look there's a little
table here what's in there another
Bakery must be the man who sells the
cake ah so the cakes belong to this
person here and then they've got the
nice baked Breads and things like that
I'm going in for the lemon it's a juice
carbonated drink oh there you go nice
and refreshing on this lovely warm
urushi day oh that's really nice yeah
and a cold drink as well that's a rare
in China isn't it they're like warm
drinks warm water all the rest of it
right okay well there's a little seat
over here sit beside this nice gentleman
in the
neighborhood tell what I love coming
into the nice uh nice neighborhoods of
uh of China in Beijing you know went
into the hutong and loved it here Uchi
we're in to the neighborhoods in the
south of the city as well and uh so far
been welcomed and uh I'm enjoying it a
lot but uh I'm interested to try some of
this traditional
bread this is pretty hard by the looks
of it see that wow maybe you going to go
in for a bite yeah I'm going take a take
a chunk it's very light yeah so
hard it's like a it looks like a mini
crusty
roll oh I must say I'm glad we bought
drinks to go with this is it a bit Dr
dry mhm pretty dry but I get the
impression that I don't know is it
supposed to be like that maybe I meant
to have it with like a like a like a
soupy dish yeah like some broth or some
soup well guys it
also me go she thinks we're
American well C I can't even break off
there you go piece of the Sesame Nan
it's basically like uh like crisps at
this
point I don't think it is a n if it's
this texture but it looks like a n and
he was cooking it in a n oven did you
see so the um Sesame are really
strong very
flavorful I love sesame yeah just
everything's very well you don't eat n
itself do you you dipping it in a lovely
Curry or something yeah so I wonder what
uh what we should be eating this with
like people are probably like what are
you eating what are you eating it like
that yeah you tell us guys if uh if we
should be eating this uh with with some
special dish I tell you what though guys
when you if you do come to a place like
this you know just over here there's a
massive brand that uh that eight bar
that convenience store there that's all
over China absolutely massive but we
went into this uh small business here
run by them two two ladies there and uh
yeah if you can just uh go into the
smaller shops if you're just buying a
drink or whatever and uh and get it from
them cuz um
yeah on appreciate it a lot more than
the CEO yeah bar convenience store it is
so quiet around here like deadly quiet
just eating this bread is like causing
little RI R of
noise well
just buildings and buildings and build
buildings of these highrise maybe eight
or nine stories high apartment blocks
look at this little Central Pagoda here
you know sitting out on a nice uh warm
day like today and just come there's a
few uh few tables there to play maang
yeah I wonder I wonder if people play
maang here that's uh something very
popular that we've noticed around China
but uh wonder if they do it here looks
like it's a kind of like a dead end look
at that one up there there's like a seat
on there but I don't think there's
anywhere you could fit in that you seen
that sort of balcony there there's not
actually a door it's just a window but
they put a little red chair there no
idea how you would manage maybe for a
child or something maybe maybe I don't
know if I trust my child to yeah the
bars don't look all that uh all that
stable but uh that's interesting isn't
it that um all these uh all the doors to
these uh apartment buildings they're all
just all left over open I guess because
uh you know you need to you need to scan
your face to get into here but you can
see inside the apartments of uh of urui
here you know maybe it's not
looking as modern there uh some of the
other places that we've seen but it's
real culture is it it's it's where real
people are living there you know you
every day people this is where they are
this is the this is what we said about
in in the hutong of Beijing you know
it's not all fancy fancy big glass
facades and and you know luxury watch
shops and all the rest of it this is
just everyday life here this is this is
where you know thousands of people have
got you know their own life stories
their families their you know go to
school around here the whole lives just
uh look at this so guys as I'm speaking
here just completely towered over by
this ginormous Corporation um I mean
what is that ICBC it's a big big Bank
and there's another huge Bank as you can
see up there it's always interesting to
to uh to see that and I always sort of
take a nice take interest into it it's
quite uh you know meaningful isn't it
when you have interesting drugs Just J a
position yeah exactly yeah you get these
old Heritage
buildings and then you have these giant
Skys scrippers that Overlook it in
Chongqing it was uh particularly
prevalent as well CU Chongqing even know
it's the the the Cyber Punk City you
know they're still
yii nice people aren everyone's smiling
everyone's friendly friendly yeah love
it yeah it's well nice yeah in in
Chongqing you know they have the super
modern buildings they also have all the
old traditional ones and they kind of
just sit at the feet of these massive
ginormous
skyscrapers but um but yeah let uh have
a little Wonder mall and finally make
our way to the Grand Bazar of urumi a
market that was built in 2003 and uh
supposed to uh give a feeling of the old
Silk Road ancient bazaars so we'll see
you know how does it feel there what's
it like see if it's uh any similar to
some bazaars are being to in turkey and
things like that the O
is laughing at is AR they laughing I'm
sure they just didn't expect us to come
out with that that's the that's what it
is that's a the beauty of languages guys
even if you learn just a few phrases or
something like that you know just speak
to it Yi Yaki not like him though he
just he does want tired of us see a
calent of like you're just like walking
through Newcastle and Chinese comes up
goes why har lad how you
doing excuse me this fell here he's
putting the police to shame isn't he
look at this lovely bike here a k a a QJ
mortar beside these uh little femin fine
like electric mopeds and you got this
guy with a sports
bike I'm sure you'll have no problems
getting away from them
lot just walking to the Grand Bazaar
here see some uh some shoes here if you
want you can get the Nik Air Force with
a Leo Leos Leos
Von night all going some all
force all forces one out a l for
one yeah look there all the
classics yeah
actuallyy yeah everyone's still smiling
get your Vans there oh look so NY W
what's that Naf atar oh Naf oh I love NF
Naf
atar look at that over here we got the
north F and that's uh that's a nice jump
yeah got North Face which is spell right
look there it says uh jingu your title
and then it's got his email address and
his phone number and his phone number
wow wonder how much how much for a
northest
jum
see
uh 85 85 85 for this more inside even
more inside
Ginger white in Cary and in Black yeah
does it still have a his more Bal number
on the bottom that's what I need I want
to make sure I've got his more Bal
number it looks like you can peel it off
this is a nice quality t-shirt this
actually hey that's actually anything on
the back quite nice no just a nice plain
white
what that's 60
9 oh oh yeah
okay oh great okay what about um any
sort of deal um how about the
juger
juger um T Chen for for both full outfit
a discount any good good
price 85 or plus W oh okay okay uh how
about uh discount friendly
price two oh she's she's playing a hard
bargain she's playing a hard bargain
okay I don't I don't know if this one's
worth £750 though is it but together are
they worth £16 oh I think I think i' I
don't know it's a bit it's a bit High
bit high I would can get this down £16
for these two it's got it phone number
on it no chance how about
what0 one one I think
100 I think that's a good deal for for
that's good for
both you don't
want come
on okay okay uh um one AR
120 okay give a good price give a good
good final
price okay okay uh what about
uh and finish yeah okay how how
[Music]
15 okay hard harder harder okay five
harder okay now I need to um make sure
it that fits
me what do you think about that one's
going to fit you I can try I'll try it's
a nice material that's why I quite like
it it looks like it's like a dry fit
style I guess that works doesn't it does
you have got a t-shot underneath though
yeah I think maybe do you have a one
smaller yeah H you don't
have the EXT the extra large okay what
about this
one yeah I think uh too big
H this one's an extra large exhale
oh she's working for she's working for
you discount
discount I'll try I'll try this uh
special North F where you get the GU uh
number and email address on your top oh
this is awesome I like that it's a bit
uh small on the arms me long English
arms are a little bit uh bit short but I
guess I could kind of do that and that's
a bit bit hip isn't that bit
cool she lost attention in me oh look at
that there you go you never seen North
fist with the email address in mobile
number have you that's the real right
there right
£15 for this northeast top and this
northeast jumper let uh let's finalize
our deal oh look at that bag a good
quality bag there vacuum
sealed it's just a real deal this lady
yeah youve got a new packing
Cube yeah these are great for your
backpack you fill your put all your
underwear something in there and keep
some all in one
place okay
byee yeah there we are kitted up and had
a nice bit of shopping as you saw there
guys that lady she wasn't a weer she was
a hand Chinese which is uh the most uh
populous ethnicity in all of China so
there's a lot of an Chinese people
living here also so that's why it's a
very diverse
City what's
this oh what are you showing me
oh this is a guy he show me a video from
some called
Abdullah Abdullah
oh oh um I don't
understand um um Jack Jack and uh and
you
I you just wanted to show you his
favorite Tik tocker yeah he's showing me
a video of uh I'm not sure if it was um
um an IM Imam or something like that he
was show me some um preacher or
something on his Tik Tok um I don't know
some sort of Islamic preacher he was sh
me uh yeah nice said he was uh he saw me
and he's like I'll show him I'll show
him what I'm watching this nice uh nice
interaction with the elderly gentleman
there but uh we're getting right into um
I'd say Like a downtown South
urumi this is uh where most of the wer
population is living as far as I know
and uh yeah this is uh way different
isn't it entirely entirely different
feels like we're in you know real
Central Asia we really you know it feels
like really on the Silk Road and yeah
abely loving this really really cool I'd
absolutely love to travel along the
pamama highway along the Silk Road and
uh this has giv us a little taster of
that keep watching guys cuz later on
we're going to be going to one of the
most famous restaurants in urui for its
speciality which is lamb they love lamb
here but uh talk about that a bit later
for now let's get into to this Grand
Bazaar everybody just selling clothing
items T
stuff everything you
it's out on the streets
here wow just like music blasting out of
these adverts over here looks absolutely
amazing I want to go and see this uh
Chinese building that you can see just
over here looks uh looks really nice but
um you know when you come to this area
you're going to get a complete mix of
Chinese architecture of the old
traditional style things and uh yeah
it's just a a complete blend of cultures
and I'm sure that leads to an absolutely
beautiful blend of food and everything
like that we got some uh weager live
streamers over
here the live streamers here in China
guys we've seen them in a few different
cities as well but they've got such a
professional setup you wouldn't believe
it you know there's like a guy with a
with a whole desk a portable desk set up
they connected to the mains you know
some guys orchestrating all thing they
got a professional camera
yeah these guys are just uh reading they
got the TV with a live chat and uh look
even over there there's some girls over
there who are ready to do some sort of
dance or something yeah
with listen to Spanish music for for
whatever
reason yeah live streaming culture here
is uh absolutely massive people over
there and another one over there yeah
you think it's like designated live
stream areas or something like you know
like in England you've got to like apply
for a basking p you think it's the same
this yeah this is a this is what busing
is in China weer people are famous
historically for the traditional dancers
and music they've uh they've exported a
whole heap of Music across Central Asia
and the uh the Silk Road yeah we people
this say super famous for the dancing
and the music and we can see bit of an
example
here beautiful isn't it
nice full of energy absolutely
lovely okay
wow and a nice smile nice nice people
here yeah right let's go and get our way
into this Grand
Bazaar yeah it's interesting isn't it
guys the uh the soldiers with the rifles
and the Bonet on the end just 25 M away
from traditional girls dancing on Tik
Tok it's quite a strange uh strange talk
about Jer
positions and here we are inside the
Grand Bazaar of urumi look at this
incredible Tower absolutely ginormous
isn't it it's
amazing so there's a big uh Gathering
here and there's a whole load of uh WEA
people dancing to traditional music see
if I can uh have a little see of
[Music]
that it's crazy you've got like people
in like traditional your clothing just
like it's everyone like some laddin and
adid Das tracks too like anyone can turn
off and have a little little jiggle it's
one a nice nice dance Express themselves
celebrate who they are their Heritage
everything
[Music]
nice is it lovely nice beautiful sunny
afternoon let going to have a big dance
with all your mates what more could you
want that this is life here in Northwest
China in the Muslim
areas beautiful sunny day let's get
ourselves an ice cream the
is Mani albar Mani albar
one how to say one and wi one and wi how
to
say okay sounds sounds um I don't know
maybe Chinese I'm not sure but uh there
we go he's just uh carving us up in ice
cream from that big mountain of
delicious uh delicious cream looks like
you can get it in take away tubs as
well yeah oh yogurt is this that's got a
cow on the front of it oh there you go
and he's going to scan that there all
right who Ki pool oh do it okay 10 10
youan 1 for this beautiful ice cream on
this sunny day here in the grand Bazar
of uruchi
China okay rman rman okay there you go
there's your ice cream thank you very
much what a lovely Smiley guy yeah look
at this music Good Vibes here danc in
the sunshine totally different music to
what we've been hearing you know in
China uh just brilliant loveing this
here feels quite icy yeah you look oh
yeah different
texture how's the
flavor very is it like vanilla or is
it it's like sweet but it's not vanilla
would you like to try some yeah let's
have a little
[Music]
M yeah I know what you
mean that's uh it's quite icy as well
yeah it's just like a very sweet cream
very sweet Dairy taste quite refreshing
oh B A Gathering going on over
here whole keep of police and whatnot so
oh it looks like they're shooting a
movie or something there's a big uh big
camera flying about the
place what on Earth's going on here
this is interesting isn't it what uh
what could be about to happen here feel
like I'm at the theater got my little
ice cream got my
show over Shadow you can see here see
there's the people in the traditional
dress and then over here you've got the
swap
team in their traditional dress in their
traditional dress yeah yeah excited to
see what's going to happen and
everyone's building up an anticipation
hopefully see some something to do with
the horse I guess cuz there's a couple
of horses over there and I'm very
excited let the show commence
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah you can see guys it's uh it's
definitely a mix of traditional Chinese
and traditional weer culture been short
cased together I'm sure the idea is of a
Harmony and blender of the two
cultures quite obvious the theme Here
[Music]
think you do a good
[Music]
[Applause]
job wow that's been absolutely brilant
display shown the local cultures Chinese
culture the WEA culture the traditional
music the dresses the dances yeah real
nice uh display of this area just in a
small snippet of what celebrating the
two traditional
cultures
[Music]
okay that was lovely enjoy that little
bit dancing good man enjoy the music as
well the music was brilliant the uh the
weer music you know the the sort of
traditional music I love that propa nice
well here's our Horseman over
here dance as
well it's a good time yeah get yourself
uh you come to Grand Bazar it's uh
happened at started at 6:00 so I don't
know if it's every day you know it's not
a special day today um just a Thursday
just an everyday Thursday a regular
Thursday so I'd like to buy something
just to sort of have us a memory of our
of our time here you know and of the
dancing and the music that we've enjoyed
wonder if there's any sort of small
little trinket or something that we can
buy that just kind of shows that culture
that just thoroughly enjoyed you know
and you know the culture here the WEA
culture it's not just about this big
display of colors and dance and music
which is very important but it's also
the everyday life that we saw in the
neighborhood that we went into you know
with um two ladies who owned the shop or
or the guy that's all the ice cream
these are these are everyday weer people
and they met they've Tre us and they've
met us with nothing but a nice smile
friendly people have enjoyed it when I
spoke my terrible uh attempt of weager
language but yeah just just really
really lovely people that's uh that's
what I've noticed and and and the Hand
Chinese as well that we've uh that we've
met here have also been very friendly
it's also worth not enough that the um
you know the the non- weer people have
been very very kind and very friendly
here as well it's been uh as far as the
everyday people that's uh put away uh
you know everything on the highest scale
of governmental things and political
things but uh just The Everyday People
which is what we travel the world to see
we travel the world to meet new and
interesting everyday people and tell
their stories not the country stories of
the government stories but just the
people of that place and uh yeah what a
what a brilliant set of people with meti
and Udi all right let's go into this
Bazaar this is what we came here to see
the Grand Bazaar let's see if we can uh
buy a nice little uh nice little gift I
think you made a nice little rug a rug
yeah I'm not sure what you said have
that
there's a little tea shop here I was
just having a little uh sit down there
and uh these girls invited me over to
the nice uh nice St here and uh gave me
some uh free tea and uh and some some
dance how's your tea oh it's nice isn't
it
yeah oh oh wait do you have a
bin we come to ch ah thank
you you live here oh
uh don't sh uh how how long uh have you
lived
here
uh 10 years 10 years 10 years Oh and
before
that uh before 10 years ago uh you live
which city
um n uh
uh
or I see she giving us these lovely uh
lovely sort of dried fruits here and
they're very nice very very lovely these
delicious sweet
fruit nice Hospitality here in the
market it's been uh invited over for a
cup of tea and uh and uh some fruit and
have nice sit down
nice
uh is a sh before very beautiful city oh
nice so so y before and then now is
Umi you live here uh you live
Udi uh
work
okay from
y ah okay so you're from Y and then you
work here I see okay
nice very very very nice ah good that's
nice it's uh a first time day day one
for us yeah so yeah
and it's very nice this is uh the shop
name if you want to come here but
uh
sorry oh you want to connect on We Wish
okay how how we can be friends you can
oh oh that's so kind thank you very much
she said we can contact her if we need
anything okay uh I do here my QR code
uh
hold yes I just give her my QR code and
then she'll scan it and then we'll be
best friends on We Chat are you giving
that girl your number I'm giving them a
QR code
different
H okay
okay byebye byebye bye bye W nice yeah
so while Jack's gone to the bathroom I
thought I'd have a look in the bizaar
and I was I just think you'd look great
in one of these cat I think he's he's
far he's far too modest for something
something so big flashy but I think I
have found the perfect thing for Jack's
head and it is an itty bitty
hat so you just presume you just clip
these on to your hair I think they're
wonderful so think I'll have a look and
see if I can find who selling them and
see if I can get for Jack I like this
I I like I like
these I like uh this
Oneal sensal oh just going to show me on
my calculator here 35 I do like it 35
sounds like a lot though doesn't it
maybe we can
do okay okay 25 I've got I've got myself
B off perfect thank you I will scan the
the alipay thank you I like this I like
this one this one here yes please
perfect thank you very much byebye
byebye
bye so I've got it I've got Jack a
little gift I'll have to see his
reaction cuz this is this is I'm sure
what he thinks that I'm going to buy
something like this but I I think this
is perfect for his little Ed I think
maybe hello
hello hi how are you
[Laughter]
H I don't I don't
understand I he's come back he's come
back before I've had a
chance I've made some friends and I
bought you a present really what was a
present here it is I think you're far
too modest for a big hat yeah and I
think just a what is is it oh it's a
hair clip
oh there we go perfect good okay okay
yeah thanks very much how much was this
it was I bargained did you oh it was St
was she a good good bargainer not for me
oh where'd you get it from oh all the
way over there oh just meeting some
friends s UA h s UA USA
USA USA
sorry uh I don't
know I don't
know my Chinese is
terrible
okay
so everyone want to see so I'm just
telling you right I've just been at the
toilet I come back I've got a hair CL
clip with a traditional hat on me head
it's not a hair clip it's a hat let me
put it on nicely it's a hat yeah surely
not it is traditional is it I thought it
was like a no no you're too modest for a
big hat I see you already got a small
head anyway oh right okay so I that's
the first tell you what I would love I'd
love a little uh a little fridge magnet
from your grandma this is a very
interesting place I like to send that
interest in fridge magnets the actually
mes actually
yeah
actually W I think they're all laughing
at us from me
hat are you having my
life I thought you look lovely at it
I'll take it off I'll keep it though
nice nice trer cuz all them dancers this
look these are the big versions all
right yeah
this this is okay for me Ah that's what
he tell you it's for you how does she do
it how does she wear it oh what's going
on
here I think I think I think he might
think that you've took that from here
you know no oh this one oh good
good
wow you like
it what oh go does it feel secure it
looks like your head feels very uh very
firm very uh very firm what's your
favorite color very nice I don't know
this this I can't let's have a little
look at myself here oh Craig look at
that now I've got a real one I feel you
said I need a small one this actually
this is actually very nice bu cani pool
but bu cani P you know when they pull
out the calcul divide it by two we're
we're in for a good old bargain he's
come up with £750 to start off with 75
is an
B oh he's only taking off five what
about um what
um
50 uh
50 oh okay okay we can
uh okay okay we can do it we made a deal
at 55 £550 for this traditional uh weer
weer oh great ah I need p on that
sorry
sorry well there we go we'll pay on uh
on here on the app as always 55 or £550
for this traditional weer hat it feels
very nice and secure on my
head
it he's the one with a
[Laughter]
gun he's got a gun and he's running away
from
me okay okay we both got a traditional
hair yeah look we're absolutely I feel
like I should take the flowers out of my
hair I should only have one hair
accessory on
it oh yeah yeah she's got one yeah got
one very good
okay okay thank you okay goodbye bye-bye
oh there we go now I feel like the real
deal now no is going to laugh at us on
me hair clip hey you know we've been in
the neighborhoods we've uh experienced a
big uh dance party and Festival we've
tried some traditional ice cream we
bought some Trinkets and some
traditional clothing but now guys it's
time for the big ending guys this area
sing Jang in China is super super super
famous for its lamb they absolutely love
lamb here and they giving it a big
mountain range you know it's uh an
absolutely amazing place to Farmers to
uh to raise sheep and yeah everybody in
China absolutely loves the lamb from the
sang region and uh yeah some people even
say it's the best lamb in the world so
we're going to go to one of the highest
rated restaurants that we can find on
the is a Badu b or something the app
that he use or something I'm not
sure oh maybe yeah some Chinese like a
Chinese uh map app a bit like Google cuz
you can't use Google Maps here but um
yeah they they have it they have it is
the highest rated lamb restaurant so
let's go and get some lamb barbecue and
uh top off our amazing day here in the
weer capital of China UD
muchi oh here we go Silk Roads promise
that's us isn't it I think so I love
that name Silk Roads promise famous
barbecue house right okay look at this
wow look at this
uh nice meet you we two
oh okay look at this look how cool this
is you can see these like private dining
areas inside like a similar to like a
year very cool
Yi okay okay sorry for I was getting
distracted feel good
it well we've been sat at the table got
traditional music playing so these are
the top 12 dishes oh okay these are most
most most popular ones yeah yeah so this
is horse meat horse meat that's very
very popular in the Silk Road in
Kazakhstan and kasakhstan Tajikistan
they eat horse meat and uh and you can
get it here on the barbecue we might
give that a go have try that I don't
know we never never eaten a before bit
of a shame cuz we saw them nice horses
earlier didn't we but uh we got to
embrace the culture we got to get into
it try things out of our comfort zone I
think maybe we should order how many of
those do you think we should how many l
bath do you think you can eat maybe it's
like we could do like three each yeah
and then one portion of one bit of
horse and
then the lamb lamb lag I think this is
the chop oh okay well that'll do us all
right two big amounts of lamb and then
the horse so we've got the famous Shin
Jang lamb and then we've got the
traditional Silk Road cuz we're in a
Silk Road Restaurant it's not just an
urami restaurant this is a Silk Road
Restaurant which is one of the the
ancient trade routes that connected east
to west you know many many many
centuries ago so this is a real you know
historical Cuisine this is food that
would have been eaten by nomadic people
and Tradesmen All Along The Great Pia
Highway that we know today for the Silk
Road and uh yeah so we're going to have
a real Silk Road experience here
okay cuz we just want the pure lamb
flavor that uh that this region is known
for
uh uh chopa or leg I think the leg will
be
better this one
leg see see
Neo hongo they have oh brilliant they
have wine from sang which is this area
here maybe we can uh do that let's have
a little
look
jug
Arad there we go we've got our lamb
skewers our lamb leg our horse meat and
a bottle of red wine from the sing Jang
Province this is a huge wine making area
in China along with many other things
but uh yeah it's going to be first time
trying a sing Jang a local wine here in
Northwest China right we're all ordered
this man here has helped us out
massively what a great guy he's been
that's why it's always nice to have the
waiter service but um yeah let's uh get
this uh get this meal on the go and uh
try after a long day of exploring I'm so
hungry and uh pretty tired feel like
deserve feel like I deserve a nice glass
of red wine some tender broccoli oh yes
tender
broccoli oh woman
out yeah got some broccoli in there Lam
and broccoli broccoli in so long we're
having a Sunday dinner Salon
broccoli right excellent look at these
lovely plates and everything I'm very
impressed performance I'll do it for
you he says you can't eat all what
you've ordered oh he say it's too
much don't sh too much oh what should we
take away
then maybe the leg of lamb was too
big telling us that water too much
instead of you know charging us for it
all and well maybe we should get rid of
two of four of the skewers so we can try
each skewer yeah okay so just two
skewers uh uh R what's he saying what's
up oh no he was just saying it's going
to be a little expensive oh oh hold on
hold on no
problem okay it was like 300 y yeah £30
for a nice dinner with with a bottle of
wine is uh that's good where where we
come from and England you can't even get
a bottle of wine for3 in England you
can't even go to Five Guys for for the
30 so right fresh off the barbecue it's
arrived already look at that wow oh
they're warm sticks yeah looks like they
come fresh off the barbecue here wow
that's what it's all about here look at
this look at the color it's a very um
light color it's not sort of overly dark
or anything like
that beautiful warm sticks on these like
they're like knives aren't
they
a let's have a taste of this first time
trying the famous sing Jang lamb it oh
it just it just smells amazing guys just
put it that coose of my nose I'm going
to smell this deep lamb
flavor I'm have a bite of
this oh my goodness
me
wo it is like it's it's a mixture of
like a type of flavor I've never tasted
for me life type of lamb taste I've
never ever ever experienced before and
then also like just a really deep juicy
lamb flavor a little bit salt in
there you can just taste the crispy CH
skin on the outside just look at this
guys that was absolutely
amazing I need some more of
that
l
per it's too good ehh so nice we should
have just got 10 of these I think got
God knows how good that lamb leg's going
to be this how good the little skewers
are it's a 70p of skewer 70p so soft and
it just explodes with flavor just such
tender salty juicy lamb and you know how
big of a flavor lamb is normally you can
put that on steroids just absolutely
delicious wow oh he's going to put it in
a decanter as well for us this is a real
deal here
guys oh man he is uh doing a real good
job so Credit Credit him in uh in this
in this restaurant they've hired a real
good guy with this fell he's uh being
brilliant very patient with us even
though you know we don't know what we're
saying or what we want and all that and
he's been nothing look polite and
patient with us so I appreciate that a
lot Andy's pouring Pages first
appreciate that ladies first he's a man
of good value this guy is
he let's have a bit swir of that give it
a bit of oxygen in
there
right oh it's got a bit of spice to
it very deep red
fruits almost like a much darker fruit
actually like cherries
oh and a complex Tannon and then oh the
aftertaste straight after is just again
with the fruit normally on some of the
fruity wines you get this beautiful
fruit on the pallet and then as it goes
down it tends to savor up a little bit
but that was like double fruit fruity on
the nose fruity on the pette and then
afterwards it's uh it's abely gone down
smoothly not too acidic either I'm not
salad as much you know as as like a
maybe a a newer cabinet sovon but uh
yeah that's uh that's absolutely lovely
house is it oh there's the horse meat
aring here and there's the leg of lamb
I'm going to be brave I'm going to try
the horse meat wow you going straight
for the horse
meat first time eating horse meat it's
not very common it's not common for
British people to eat uh horse meat oh
there we go there's our broccoli to keep
healthy and in the background you can
hear some weer
regon see it there we go tendis and
broccoli one of my favorite if not my
favorite vegetable in the entire world
there there we go have some horse
meat you don't
like my brain is
confused tastes like a combination of
pork and fish pork and
fish that's
interesting I guess I'll it doesn't
taste like a Testo lasagna that's for
sure guess I'll have a little go as
well
yeah it's quite dry yeah maybe the S
it's got this lovely
sauce I know what you mean about the
fish but the fish part is very subtle
yeah it's definely a little bit more
like pork I mean obviously horses are
very muscular animals and uh you don't
normally sort of uh rate how good your
meat is and how muscular the animal is
normally how fat the animal is don't you
so that's obviously going to make the
meat an entirely different uh
texture
yeah it's not too bad it's not half
bad yeah it's it's it just tastes like a
sausage to be honest like a like almost
like a jerky like a chewy meaty sausage
yeah that is what we've came for the
horse is something there is a juicy lamb
oh getting a bit of uh dried Sichuan
pepper on
there got a B did you no
no sounded
crunchy that's a skin yeah
it's really
good there you go guys there's some
crispy skin and on that side you got the
fatty lamb going to put that side and
the powder lovely chili
[Music]
powder the chili and the lamb go
together so well but to be honest to be
honest with you the lamb doesn't need
any salt any seasoning just on its own
is absolutely f fantastic I mean just
wow just look at this fatty piece of
lamb just there that's so juicy with a
crispy skin on the
outside that is absolutely fantastic
look at these just giant pieces of Juicy
lamb you see the oil just seeping out of
it some of the best lamb
I've ever eaten in my entire life right
I'm going to enjoy the rest of this meal
enjoy this little glass of
wine soak in Silk Roads promise well
we've made quite the dent in that an
absolute sing Jang lamb and horse Silk
Road Feast that was absolutely
tremendous really really really nice
beautiful soft delicate lamb interesting
horse obviously it's not our favorite
meat in the world the horse but it was
just nice to try something new and uh
yeah how was that how was that for you
it was really really nice and it was so
good to have the trender St broccoli we
were just discussing we've not had it
since we left home which was months ago
now so it was just nice to have I'd eat
this almost every day in England tender
s broccoli so that was lovely lamb and
broccoli feels a bit healthy but uh I'm
sure we over done it with a leg alarm
and all them skewers and the horse meat
and everything but uh it's really been a
really really nice meal we still got uh
plenty of our wine left so just going to
have a little bit relax enjoy the uh the
music here and uh finish this bottle of
wine yeah just enjoy life in
Udi oh we a friend here we we're just
enjoying a glass of wine it's just
brought us this nice cake looks like
chocolate cake there's some bits on the
top there some fruit strawberry I think
that isn't a single Blueberry Blueberry
I love blueberries absolutely love them
half a blueberry I don't think so you
can have that strawberry and I'll have
the blueberry um a more distinctive
Desy there we go it just said a more
distinctive dessert wow that's very nice
I just brought us a I'm guessing a free
dessert cuz it's not on our bill or
anything look very kind of them yeah
nice Hospitality here in urami China
have a little
that it looks like chocolate to me look
that lovely flower on the top there you
can eat that yeah I I I'll
not now there we
go see here all
cheers it's chocolatey it's cold which I
quite like nice cold chocolatey it's a
bit crunchy got some texture in there
maybe some nuts or something like that
yeah that's very nice I'm going to have
this uh this little blueberry here very
nice
hey m
H bloody love blue
boo that's nice I tell you what bit of
wine bit of chocolate cake more do you
want than that just trying to figure out
how it to pay here since we didn't use
our app so it's not going to connect to
our card or anything but uh there we go
looks like it's going to use alip P
connector Pages QR code and we here the
£34 what an absolutely unbelievable meal
with a lovely lovely bottle of wine
perfectly presented the beautiful KP and
everything for just £34 for two people
s and what a great guy he was absolutely
brilliant service and a lovely
restaurant with a great you know lovely
setting and everything what an
absolutely lovely meal and a real proper
Shin Jang meal with some Shin Jang red
wine the classic lamb that this place is
so famous for and then trying something
new some silk food with horse meat but
yeah that was absolutely lovely we've
realized these go on your head they go
on your shoulder yeah all the uh you can
see here the waitresses and the
waight one of my favorite waiters we've
ever had in any country in the world
know
the you see the kitchen service over
here and now we're back into the mall
and there we go it's night falls on
urumi that brings an end to this video
what an amazing day exploring this
amazing City urumi meeting the weaker
people meeting some of the hand Chinese
people and seeing how they live together
you know amongst all of the issues that
there is in this area today we got to
meet the real everyday people try some
amazing lamb food have a nice dinner in
that restaurant see the traditional
dance and the music bter with some
people speak some weager language we've
just had an absolutely amazing day so I
really really uh appreciate you coming
along on the journey with us and
enjoying it leave a comment below on
what your favorite part was or any
interesting things that you might want
to let us know that we might have missed
out in this video the next video we're
going to be filming a street food video
trying all of the famous sang Foods
today we only had some Nan and some lamb
barbecue but we're going to getting deep
into that amazing food from this area
really unique flavorful food that we're
going to be trying from all the street
vendors around the city of urui yeah
what an amazing day thank you so much
for watching we'll see you in the
comments and see you in the next video
goodbye